the maracanã stage of a game between
Botafogo and Flemish deserved an audience
much larger than the 27,000 people who
were there and it looks like it was not a privilege
For who was there, the exit from Botafogo.
and the first big goal chance too
marquinhos hit foot corner swapped
carlos almost complicate the ball hits the
indent
the botafogo continues to press josimar
plays pro luizinho that dribbles rogério voice
the ball is missing for paulinho criciúma o
strong kicks and scare is the turn
from Flemish to Sin of Brazil that opened
on the left to renato
he seeks space but loses the ball that
overboot a good kick good defense of
ricardo cruz is missing on the left of the attack
Flamengo zico beats strong and
amazing ricardo cruz flamengo 1 a
look there again played the chicken
again it gives it dominates launched bebeto
who enters the area and hits strong and Ricardo
cross defends in scare then climbs with
tranquility
The Flemish party party
marquinhos slams lack of the defense curve
of flamengo relieves josimara dominates and
hit by cover scared zé carlos
zen and see that dalist dribble zico and
lucio luizinho shoots rain and zico
kick bad
now the company life table of mauriti
carlos alberto mauricio receives in front
passed in the middle said that leonardo and
send the bomb botafogo flamengo a
request through Paulista Palace
in the second half the departure of the Flemish more
It's the botafogo that attacks Gustavo first.
cruz josé carlos faria paulinho criciúma
bad headlines and rich naval lines and
party plays for bebeto to enter the
area for and rolls for renato carlos
Roberto runs to the ball hitting him
after the rebound kick and cover up
ricardo cruz flamengo 2 botafogo other
for you this odd goal 2 to 1
to the flamengo
red-black celebration
but botafogo does not discourage Carlos
alberto enters the penalty area and drops milton cruz
win the ball and cross paulinho criciúma
Turning seam zé carlos picks up the
corner and looks sideways silliness
event marquinho wins the passing ball
by ricardo cruz and without almost angle
brand
Look there again.
Now who will scare the goalkeeper is
Gustavo ele giga crosses the ball touches the
Zé carlos lamb for the
flamengo ball in the defense area relieves more
falls on the foot of aid that the amendment a
the Flemish golaço 3 again botafogo
For you, it's the rubro-negra celebration .
now baby goes to the ball area
passed by the mauro galvão alcindo de
video with ricardo cruz bebeto loses
goal
see what an incredible boy silliness
gonçalves
he charges and zé carlos and does goal against
flamengo 3 botafogo 2 in 1 hour and another
Now that silliness of the gonçalves
and to finish another goal mauro galvão
from trivela to vitor he dominates in
chest hit the floor driblou zé carlos gives
a mouth in the rogério boots in there
botafogo 3 flamengo 3 goes again great goal
from victor and game close
a ball game botafogo 3 flamengo 3